Telescope 0.109.0 (#75)
confio/cosmjs-types: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

> - Upgrade to Telescope 0.105.0. This changes a lot of fields from optional to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Upgrade to Telescope 0.109.1. This changes a lot of fields from optional to
```
